who are you my name is Darth Vader
I am an extraterrestrial from the planet
Vulcan mom dad solids my heat ray will
vaporize you if you do not obey me okay
okay I surrender I surrender you George
McFly have created a rift in the
space-time continuum I'm sorry I'm sorry
I I didn't mean it
sorry doesn't cut it George the supreme
Klingon hereby commands you to take the
female unit known as Baines Lorraine to
the place called Hill Valley High School
exactly four earth cycles from now
that's this Saturday night George you
mean you want me to take Lorraine to the
dance
affirmative I I don't know if I can do
that
okay all right I'll do it I'll take
Lorraine to the dance just please now
close your eyes and see me no more
how'd it go
great but chloroform that we put him out
nobody know do it party party hey George
buddy you are in school what you've been
doing all day
hi overs
you